deep in the wilderness there lives a man
commits a living legend
at least most of the time pulled under
there could you possibly know about that
already
my people have ways of talking that no
white man can understand yeah his name
is Crocodile Dundee right now
he's leaving the Outback for the jungle
[Applause]
why they call la the city on wheels
and this time
he's going after a whole new breed of
animal
[Music]
[Applause]
haribol pictures presents let's not go
Vegas like a time placement is your
frame all Hogan wins the kozlovskiy hey
wonder if those angle eise knows who's
coming to dinner
leave me Wendy
crocodile Dundee's in Los Angeles
sorry
[Music]